Fix 1644 (#1650)
exercism/csharp: exercises/concept/weighing-machine/.docs/instructions.md

//  => wm.InputWeight == 60m
```

> ## 2. Ensure that a Default unit is kilograms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Allow specifying the unit used by the weighing machine
```

> Implement the `WeigingMachine.Unit` property to allow the unit to be Kilograms by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `WeigingMachine.Unit` property to allow the unit to be set. `Unit.Kilograms` should be the default value:
```
